ISYS 54203 Group Project Project Management Tool Wiki
Vision
Empower teams to manage any business process with a project management platform that adapts to their needs, allowing users design their own forms, link them to reusable workflows, and create flexible systems that grow with their projects.

Features
Form Design – allow users to create a form that can be used as a project creation page or a task. This page will also include an “attribute library” interface where users can add existing attributes to the form or create new attributes to add to the form.

Workflow Design – users will have the ability to design workflows to accomplish certain tasks/get deliverables (Design a part/get a quote/create a line drawing or rendering/on board or offboard a new customer or employee/ any standard business process…)

Project Creation – users will create projects from a form and use them to:

store documents, notes, and information in attributes
kick off workflows to achieve some sort of output
track detailed history and performance of the project
Reporting - users will have the ability to create saved searches that can filter for: • projects • project types • tasks • attributes • documents • workflows • date/time stamps •

Dashboards – Users will have a dashboard to provide easy visibility to their projects, tasks, documents, saved searches, and anything else the user wants visibility to.

Definitions
Form – a page consisting of attributes that are used to display information and receive input from a user.

Project – an entity that can house documents and information in attributes. A project is created from a Project Creation form.

Task – a form that is used to indicate input is required from a specific entity (user/department/etc.). Tasks are placed in workflows that are kicked off within a project.

Workflow – step by step process usually containing at least one task for user input. Can also contain different nodes¸ like routers, data splitters, data connecters, wait timers, *scripting, *External API connector, *etc.

Attribute – label value pair placed within a form to display/capture information

Saved Search – a saved set of filters that can be reused or placed within a dashboard